
Lab 10 Write Up

Recitation 014
Team Number: 06 
Team Name: Weather Boys

Team Members:

Noah Vilas:noahvirus (novi5371@colorado.edu)
Ian Fernandez: StarWars1980 (iafe2800@colorado.edu)
Will Dravenstott: wdrav (widr7017@colorado.edu)
Matthew No: CrownGuilty9 (mano3845@colorado.edu)
Gustavo Sanchez-Sanchez: gusa9787 (gusa9787@colorado.edu)
Jay Bentley: jabe1234 (jabe1234@colorado.edu)

Application Name: WeatherMen

Application Description:

This application will be a website focused on displaying the weather in different cities in the world.
A user will also be able to register and log in to the website to save certain cities that will be 
allocated to their user information. Along with this, a user will be able to find places with 
similar temperatures around the world. As well as this, a user will be able to find locations to travel 
to based off several options. Also, a user will be able to see what clothes they should wear on the given day.

The value of this application will be to personalize weather information intake. With this website, a user will 
quickly be able to see what the weather is for the day and be able to plan accordingly. Also, the user will be able 
to see what different cities are experiencing on a given day and get more background on foreign countries. We will 
offer travel suggestions to individuals for cities that have similar weather conditions to their favorite locations.

Vision Statement:

To provide weather information to busy individuals preparing for the day, and weather wonderers around the world. 
Unlike other weather applications, our website will provide personalized weather information.

Version Control:

https://github.com/noahvirus/group_project

Development Methodology:

We constructed a project board with multiple epics and corresponding user stories for each epic.
We will continue to update this board with more details and more user stories as we continue development.

Communication Plan:

We will be using Discord to communicate as a team.
We also exchanged phone numbers for an alternative plan of communication.

Meeting Plan:

    Team Meeting:

    We are going to meet on Saturdays at noon in CSEL in person. 
    We will also plan additional meetings over zoom or in-person as is needed to solve problems as they present themselves.

    Weekly Meeting with TA:

    We will meet with the TA at 6:30pm on Mondays every week on google meet.

Use Case Diagram:

See UML_Diagram.png in Wireframe_UseCase directory for the Use Case Diagram.

Wireframes:

See page png files in Wireframe_UseCase directory for the Wireframe diagrams.